# bunq Developer - create and share your apps 🛠️

**Source:** https://help.bunq.com/articles/bunq-developer-create-and-share-your-apps

---

**Hey bunqers 🌈,**

Find everything you need to start automating your banking and integrating your apps with our open API, and make life even easier with [bunq Developer](<http://bunq.com/developers>)!

### What’s bunq Developer?

bunq Developer is an opportunity to create, test and use your own apps with the help of bunq API.

## What are the functionalities of bunq Developer? 

  * **Multiple apps** : Create personal and business apps. Find API credentials and start using them in seconds.

  * **Easy testing** : Create test users with just one click, and find all test-user information, including login codes, in no time.

  * **QR code login** : Log in by scanning a QR code with your bunq app.

## How can I manage my API keys?

  1. Tap on your Profile in the top left corner

  2. Tap on ⚙️ Settings

  3. Scroll down and tap “Developers”

  4. Tap API Keys

  5. Follow the instructions in the app

## Who can use bunq Developers?

bunq Developers is available for our bunq Pro and bunq Elite users with Personal or Business accounts.

## bunq Developer FAQs

Looking forward to trying it out, but still wondering how it works? Check out some of our frequently asked questions below 👇

  * **What can I do with the bunq API?**  
You can integrate your bunq account with any features you like, and build a custom flow designed specifically to make your life easier. Find the full API reference [here](<https://doc.bunq.com/>)

  

  * **Can I use my PSD2 certificate with the production API key generated by bunq Developer?**  
No. PSD2-licensed parties must follow a dedicated flow. You’ll find more information about it on this [link](<https://doc.bunq.com/#/psd2>)

  

  * **I didn’t use my API key after creating the app and now it’s expired. How do I make it work again?**  
With security in mind, you have 1 hour to activate the API keys after you create the app. If you wait more than that, you’ll need to create a new app with a new API key.

  

  * **How do I find the API credentials?**  
Just create an app, open its settings and you’ll find them in the Authentication tab.

  

  * **“You can have at most 1 pending first use credential.” What does this mean?**  
You need to activate the API key of the previously created app first. It expires if you  
don’t use it after 1 hour.

## Want to create your first app in bunq Developer?

Just follow this [link](<https://developer.bunq.com/>) 🌈

## Need further help?

If you have further questions regarding bookkeeping integrations, feel free to reach us at [apipartner@bunq.com](<mailto:apipartner@bunq.com>).

Loading...

[Back to Knowledge](<../categories/knowledge>)

### Other Categories

[Knowledge](<../categories/knowledge>)

[Features](<../categories/features>)

[Promotions](<../categories/promotions>)

[Troubleshooting](<../categories/troubleshooting>)

[Announcements](<../categories/announcements>)

[Changelog](<../categories/changelog>)